It just means he's changing into a Lumpy Space guy on account of my bite. It's just like um... you know... werewolf rules.
WHATEVERS 2009!
First you should check out my house. It's, like, kinda lame but way less lame than, like, your house.
I said, "Lump off," Mom!
I lumping hate them!
I'm really, really sorry, Finn, but I can't help you because my parents are horrible idiots.
Hey! This is hard for me, too! I mean, I used to eat chili-cheese fries with Brad, (sniff) so there's gonna be a lot of romantic tension on this ride.
The guys who use the antidote up here are notorious for being... smooth posers.
Buuuuumps!
I know I mess things up sometimes, but I'm really trying! And you're supposed to be my friend! Not like the fake ones I have here!
I'm bored. And I'm not having any fun!
That wasn't fun. That was lame!
Oh, yeah, I'm havin' a fun time.
I want surgery to make my body hot.
Oh, yeah! This body's HOT! I feel POWERFUL!
I totally saw Hot Dog Princess get sucked in here, and I wasn't invited!? I was all, "What the lump?" so I'm crashing this party.
Oh, my Glob, you guys, drama bomb!
I can be smooth. (Grunts) Finn, punch out my lumps. I can be whatever he wants, I can change.
Get away from my camp. I'll cut you!
Oh, my Glob. What the stuff are you doing?
Well, if you want these lumps, you gotta put a ring on it. WHERE'S MY RING?
Get in touch with your feelings, babe!
Princess Bubblegums's in my seat (growls)
Oh, my Glob Melissa, ever since Clara stopped eating meat, her skin looks so good! I mean, she still looks fat, but, like, I can't say that junk to her face.
I'm doing so awesome on my own, like I found this can of beans
Melissa, I have to go, they got into my toilet paper! Melissa, I have to go!
MAH BEANS!
Not yet, Cinnamon Bun!
No way. First, I'm gonna fall in love with one of those little guys, then I'm gonna fall out of love. And then I'm gonna totally fake die, of a fake heart attack! Oh my heart! My heart hurts because I fell out of love! And now i have to die! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
One last kiss...before dying, my love.
I'm sorry that you're starving because I ate all of your crops, even though you're all still really fat, and I probably helped you lose some weight.
What the jug?!
Get off, you big doughnut!
Maybe he'll be a steaming hot babe with huge money.
(On learning her mystery name) My name is Duchess Gummibuns!
I blinked my balls... my eyeballs.
(LSP screaming loudly, says, "I'm dying"--toilet flushes) Woooooooh! Ugh, gross, ugh! My lumpin' body's all hollow now! I gotta put something in it!
But where's the food?! What kind of castle is this?! It's like a poor peoples' castle! With no lumpin' waffles for my dump truck!!
He tried to kiss me on the mouth! And I was like, blah blah!
"What does it lumping mean?!"
I'm ready for you now, Brad. Isn't that obvi? I'm so ready.
GET THE LUMP OUTTA HERE!!
Oh, nah. I am not getting eaten by zombies tonight.
MOVE OUTTA MY WAY!!!
My formula's gonna cure the zombies cause I made the prettiest formula.
Oh. My. GLOB! Look at those luscious lips! I gotta go lick up the rest of that formula!
Oh, my Glob! Yes! I'm gonna be so hot! So freakin' hot!
I know you want this body, but you can't have it! YOU CAN'T HAVE IT!
Gotcha!
Hey, girl!
Oh my Glob! Turtle Princess, I always wanted to write trashy books for ladies. Back up off me, Rickie!
...I look fresh to death with my new dress and purse!
Looks like I'll have to bust out these cobras to get a better dinner.
I guess at the end of the day, it's all about the lumps.
Oh, nuh-uh! I am not gonna carry rocks.
(Carrying two rocks) My arms weren't meant to carry so many rocks, you guys.
Finn has the hottest lumps, but his lumps are on the inside!
You guys! Somebody stole something from me! Something I can't live without!
I've been robbed! I've been robbed!
He did! He stole...my heart!
Everybody get ready to pay attention to me!
What the lump?!
Oh, my Glob!
